Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The Brown Mountain lights are
an absolutely real phenomenon.
It's a probability there is UFOs.
Hundreds of residents are
reporting strange lights
in the skies of Brown Mountain, NC.
When a legitimate Brown Mountain light appeared,
there was electromagnetic interference.
Globs of glowing gas appear,
randomly, in different locations.
Everybody there could see, clearly, what it was.
But that doesn't explain people who
claim they've been abducted there.
It wasn't a sensation. I was physically
sucked up against the ceiling.
It doesn't explain some of the creature
sightings that have taken place.
The lights seemed to move
about, in a ghost-like manner.
It doesn't explain many of
the conspiracies related to
military activities and government involvment.
The US Air force has now dispatched special
operations unit, "Project Blue Book"...
And I think science has an obligation
to explain and to investigate
claims of the paranormal.
It was the most horrifying thing
I've ever felt in my entire life.
Hey, Riley!
- Where is he?
- Riley World?
- Let me see the camera.
- What are you doing?
- All right, give me your camera ...
Hey mom .. Can you turn this up, please?
- Sure a good laugh ...
- Corey!
There's more trees ...
Why are we listening to this music?
Because it's bluegrass, son.
It's the sound of the mountains.
- Have you ever done this? I haven't.
- It's a tent!
It's hard! Do you see everything in this list?
Just keep reading your directions.
- OK, guys.
- I'm serious, do you want ...
- Look where we are!
- Setting up camp, for a very long weekend.
- Dad, could you get my sleeping bag?
- Yes, son.
- You get your sleeping bag.
- The green one.
We've got your sleeping bag.
- Just put it in? OK.
- Yeah.
Specimen 1: Common yellow jacket nest.
Corey?
I really don't know what you're talking about.
Specimen 2: Common meathead.
- Here we go, one side ...
- Pull it like a blanket?
- That's better, that's better ...
- Why don't you stay over there?
Done! Boom!
Look at that ...
That was an easy bet.
- Damn straight!
- Honey, I'm sorry ...
Hard to lose, isn't it?
Obviously, their tent's a lot less
complicated than this one, so...
Corey, how are those directions treating you?
They worked out so well.
Oh, really?
Obviously, you people are better suited for this.
- I don't think this is really our finesse.
- It's a female energy thing.
Why don't you guys get us somer firewood?
You're asking for firewood? All right, come on!
Riley, are you gonna go with us or
you're gonna stay with the chicks?
- Wow!
- I make fire ...
Looks good!
Your skill with the lighter, unrivaled.
I am fire.
If we mix my skills with
fire and yours with tents,
we could live out here,
Swiss family Morris style.
No, we couldn't.
Let's just wait till the bank kicks us out, first.
Brown Mountain, elevation: 2725 feet.
This is Jillian, being quiet.
Specimen 3: Some kind of Swallowtail.
Black and green clouded.
Hey, Riley, feel like going for a hike?
We're going for a hike.
- We're gonna go man things.
- If we're not back ...
Watch out for the bears!
Seriously?
Come on, Riley.
The women folk will be fine.
- Where we going?
- I'm not exactly sure.
She's gonna win this one?
We're gonna go up thataway. There's a trail here.
It can't be safe for him to
look through his camera.
He's making me nervous.
Can't you take it off him?
Watch your foot here, Ri.
Riley, check it out.
Amazing rainbow, off the mountain.
You catch any deer?
Yeah, let me throw it down to you!
Hey up there!
How long before Jillian realizes
there's no power for her hairdryer?
One day, tops.
And I'll just trip you, so...
it'll all work out, I guess.
No one is leaving anyone
behind, if a bear attacks.
Boo!
Nope, we're all gonna stick
together and be eaten as a family.
But we do need to put this fire out.
OK, guys, come on. Let's go to bed.
- Come Ri.
- Alright. So many bugs out.
- 'Night, buddy.
- 'Night.
Here. 'Night, baby.
Corey, are you... are you awake?
Riley, go to bed.
Corey, wake up.
Riley, come on. Just close your eyes.
I can't sleep.
It's a moth.
It could be a hawkmoth.
Corey!
Corey, get up! Corey!
- Did you see that?
- Yes, I saw it.
Riley!
Riley, where are you going?
- Riley!
- Shit!
Get back here!
I see lights.
Are those stars?
Look.
Oh, my God!
Stars don't move like that.
- OK, what the hell was that?
- I don't know.
UFOs?
Riley, tell me you got that on video!
- Yeah.
- Dude, let me see it.
...up there and went all the way across.
They were, like, winking and then shot up.
- Yes, we did see the lights but...
- Ah, this is ridiculous, let's go.
- Come on.
- Thank you, Dad.
- Let's go, in the car.
- ... that's so weird.
We can have this fascinating
conversation driving.
It's probably someone's dinner, Riley.
They just haven't chicken fried it yet.
- Don't touch, OK.
- Why would I touch it?
Riley, stop looking at that. We're
getting in the car now sweetie.
Come on, back in the car.
OK...
So, I just want to understand
this whole light thing, so...
What exactly did these lights look like?
Like, flashing and... I mean,
we did see lights last night.
OK. My whole family's going nutty. That's cool.
OK. Ri, move the camera that way.
Thank you, son.
Okey, dokey.
- Next campsite. Whoooo!
- Whoooo!
Yay!
- For how long?
- Honey, I'm gonna plug it back in
as soon as my phone is
finished charging, I promise.
Prepare to exit freeway in 0.5 miles.
- Oh...
- Hmm?
You're getting off the highway?
- Apparently, yeah.
- OK.
I don't think that's right.
My google directions do not have
us getting off the highway, here.
You have to trust Judy, dear. I
use this GPS all the time.
Judy?
Yes, Judy, she's-she's dating Hal.
She knows people and she gets
me exactly where I need to go.
-  You gotta trust that.
- Ahhh! I can't even get service out here.
- Me neither.
- You don't have any?
No!
- Corey, do you have any service?
- He's asleep.
- Approaching left turn.
- OK. Well, here's the turn.
This doesn't seem right.
- Approaching right turn.
- OK, go right. OK.
I don't think I'd wanna get lost out here.
'Cause this is the sticks.
We're fine... I think.
So, that's why we're going down this creepy road.
- It's like 'Deliverance'
- Well, minus the anal rape.
Corey sleeping.
Jillian sleeping.
- Mom, can I sit up front?
- Oh. Sure, honey.
Wow, look at this view, huh? Jesus.
Honey, I don't think there's gonna
be a highway anywhere down there.
I don't see anything down there.
- This is crazy.
- Dad, where are we?
- In the middle of nowhere.
- Look guy-guys...
Are we lost?
We're not lost, we're getting off
this road in a few minutes. OK?
- Approaching left turn.
- See?
Trust Judy. She knows where she's going. Whoa!
This looks pretty lost, to me.
- Dad! Be careful!
- Do you want me to drive?
No, I don't. Thank you very much.
Just try not to piss me off.
- This is, basically, the same road.
- Yes, I can see that, Katie, thank you so much.
Dad, can you please, just slow down?
I feel like I'm gonna puke.
Hey! We're in the goddamn
mountains, alright? I didn't
make the roads. They curve!
What do you wnat me to do?
Peter!
OK, guys. I'm- I'm sorry, but... just back off.
It's hard enough to drive these roads
without you guys badgering me, alright? Please.
It's getting a little better.
It's better? There's hope for the 22 miles.
Son of a bitch!
- What is it?
- We're low on gas.
What?
What? How did we get so low?
What do you want me to say, Katie? We're in
the mountains, the roads go up and down,
we've haven't got gas for a
while. We're low on gas!
OK. Let's all just calm down.
Can you pull over somewhere?
Pull up? Really? You wanna pull over?
What the hell is that gonna
accomplish, pulling over?
Oh, great ...
Oh, yeah, let's not pull over.
Actually, Let's turn around,
- go back to the rest stop and ask...
- We don't need to turn around at all.
- We don't need to do anything!
- Yes, we do!
This thing knows exactly where we ...
What the hell was that?
Is everybody OK?
- Get that goddam thing out of my face!
- Peter!
- Hi.
Ri, can you put down the camera for a second, hon?
Yep.
- I mean...
- Why would a crow hit our car like that?
I don't know, Ri.
It's balance must've been off or something.
I'm not sure.
I'm really sorry I lost my temper.
I love you so much, kid.
What do you say we go find a gas station?
Sure, dad.
I think your mother's pissed off at me.
Yep.
I'm very sorry.
I'm sorry.
Road to nowhere.
Oh, come on.
There has got to be gas out here somewhere.
- Nobody comes up here.
- Even meth heads need gas.
- Jillian, you asleep?
- Like I could sleep!
- Hey, guys, a mailbox.
- What?
Imagine living out here,
in the middle of nowhere?
- 31... Number 31.
- That's right, Riley.
Isn't that where the 'Unabomber' lives?
31... 31... 31...
Jesus, I wonder where number 32 is?
Cheerful!
That's encouraging.
- I'm gonna have a heart attack.
- So much fun.
I'm actually gonna have a heart attack, I think.
Dad, look at that one.
Don't do that when I'm driving!
Jesus, you freaked me out.
Recalculating route.
- What's it doing?
- Recalculating route.
What the he...? It's recalculating.
Like I took a wrong...
turn or something. I...
- I don't get it.
- Recalculating.
- It's not even sure of its road.
- Because no one uses it?
It doesn't make any sense. There's no signal.
Maybe something is interfering
with the satellite, or something.
Recalculating.
Any kind of signal on that thing?
Recalculat ...
Whoa! What in the hell is this?
What the heck?
Oh, my God. Is that an accident?
Doesn't look like one.
- Is anybody in there?
- No.
- No, no one's there.
- Where are they?
I don't know.
Jesus!
- What the hell?
- What the hell's going on here?
- Whoa!
- Peter!
Whoa!
- This is really weird.
- Recalculating.
Here, look at all this stuff.
- This is just...
- There aren't any people.
OK, umm...
The people who own these
cars have to be somewhere.
Dad, this is really creeping me out.
Yeah, no, I'm with you.
- Maybe we should turn around, now.
- We-we don't have any choice.
We have no gas, we can't get back to
the highway, we have to go this way.
Allright. So, umm...
You guys all sit tight, OK?
I'm gonna find these folks.
- Are you-are you serious?
- Careful, Peter.
- Yes, I'm serious, Corey.
- I'm going with you, Dad.
I'm coming, too.
Guys, I'd really rather you not. I'd
rather you stay in the ca...
OK, that's good.
- Mom, I gotta pee.
- Hold on, honey. I'm gonna come with you.
Riley, you gonna go with your dad? Peter?
- Yeah?
- Keep an eye on him?
- Wait for me, dad.
- Come on, Ri.
Gotta stay close, buddy, OK?
All the seatbelts are torn out of the cars.
This is weird.
Come on, buddy.
Watch your brother, please.
- Who throws their bike on top of the car?
- Ri, come on.
Ri, come on.
How fricking long is this tunnel?
Hello?
Riley!
- I'm coming.
- Come on, buddy.
- Dad, what the...?
- I don't know.
Nothing.
There's just, just... this, shit everywhere.
Hello?
Yeah, dad, this is really weird.
Riley! Come on, buddy.
Dad, Corey... Let's go back.
Riley, come on.
Hold on.
- Dad.
- Ri, shush. Get over here.
Come on.
Whoa!
I mean it, Riley.
Now, stay with me.
- Riley, come on.
- Wait up.
It's a cop car.
It's a Sheriff's cruiser.
I think that we should go back. Let's go back.
Yeah... yeah, we should.
Hello?
Hey!
Dad!
What the hell was that?
Run! Run! Run!
Go! Go! Go!
Let's get behind that car.
Corey, grab Riley!
- Oh, my God, we're trapped.
- Jesus Christ! What was that?
Let's go. Come on!
Corey, now listen to me. I want you to
take Riley and I want you to run.
You get your mom and your sister
and you get the hell out of here.
Are you ready?
Let's go!
Dad! What are you doing?
Shut up!
Ri!
Ri, run!
I saw it!
Corey, run faster!
Can you see him?
Oh, my God!
What are we gonna do?
Run!
Corey, run!
Faster! Faster, Corey!
Run! Run! It's coming!
It's coming after me! Run!
Run!
Corey, run! Run!
Get in the car! Get in the car!
GET IN THE CAR!
- Where's Daddy?
- Dad, dad... dad's gone!
- What do you mean, he's gone?
- He's gone!
What are you doing, Corey? Where's your father?
It wasn't human!
Corey? Peter?
- Peter?
- What's going on?
He came after us!
Jillian! Stop! Didn't you hear me? He's gone!
Well, we just have to go get him!
Stop!
There's no signal.
Wait a minute. Turn the car around!
We can't...
Mom! Mom! Mom, please! Believe
me, there's nothing we can do!
- What is going on?
- He is GONE!
We have to get help!
It wasn't human! It was huge!
- OK, we have service.
- Get me out of here!
They tried to trap us in there, mom!
Come on!
Yes! Hello?
Hi, we're-we're lost in-in the
woods and my family is in danger.
We need help right now! Hello?
Hello? No, I don't-I don't know where we are. Can
you send-can you track this phone or something?
Is there some way that you can do that?
Hello?
What's going ON?
What is this?
What happened? Oh, what just happened?
Corey?
What was that?
Shit.
- Shit!
- It's not turning?
Get out! Get out of the car.
Jillian, get out of the car.
Riley, go!
What are you doing?
- We have to keep going on foot.
- What?
We can't just sit here and
wait for them to show back up.
Yeah, we need to keep moving. We gotta get
to a phone or a place where my phone works.
No. I don't-I don't know about that.
Take your stuff. We gotta keep moving.
Come on, Riley.
Come on.
Mom, hurry!
Stay close, honey.
Did we pass that mailbox?
No. Number 31. No.
We'll never make it to the highway, from here!
There's a dirt road, looked
like it coulda been a driveway,
or something. Like
somebody lived back there.
- You doing okay?
- Mom, there's phone lines down here!
Someone must live back there! Come on!
Found the mailbox!
Wait for your brother!
Riley, come on!
31... 31, number 31.
31, 31.
Slow down, I don't see anything!
I'm sure they're out there!
Come on, Riley, don't worry about that.
Keep going!
- Watch your step, honey.
- I got it.
- Where's your brother?
- I got him! I got him!
I'm OK.
- Be careful!
- There's a cabin down here!
- Right here!
- Thank God.
You got it? Come on!
- Whoa!
- Hey!
- Y'all trespassing.
- Sir, please!
- This is private property.
- Holy shit!
Please! We need your help!
I think you best go back up
now where you came from.
Sir, you don't understand. Please!
This is an emergency, we are in trouble.
We need to use your phone.
- What?
- Riley?
- What in the hell is that?
- Riley, come on!
- Get behind me.
- Shoot it!
Go! Go! Go!
Engel! Engel, come back here!
You best get in the house, son.
Come on, get in the house.
Did you get it?
I don't know, I think I might've winged it.
Son, get you that 22.
Look out the front window!
- Where's your phone?
- In my pocket.
You don't have a house phone?
No, I ain't got a house phone, I
got a cell phone like y'all got.
We saw these lines in your driveway.
I got a cell phone, like y'all got!
But it don't work out here.
Engel!
The gun didn't work. It didn't work on them!
It's not gonna stop them!
We're gonna be fine. OK?
Son, you know how to use that rifle?
It's a 'yes' or 'no' question. Gimme that gun!
I got it, I got it!
Son, you best get that camera out my face!
Sir, please! You don't understand!
We need the police!
Well, I don't know what to tell you lady.
It is what it is.
You deep in the mountains.
There ain't no one around here.
Don't you have some way of contacting
someone, in case of an emergency?
Me and my brother do just fine in emergencies.
Let me tell you something.
Even if I could call the law,
they ain't gonna be no help!
Shit! I come out here to get
away from folks like y'all.
Come up here with your dumbass questions.
Well, I got a question.
What in the hell is that thing?
- We don't know.
- You don't know?
Well, you brought it to my backyard!
Riley, show him the camera.
No!
Riley? Riley! Give me... No, it's OK!
- No, it's OK, please just...
- No!
We're gonna turn off the camera for one minute!
What happened to your old man up there...
I lived my whole life up here...
I ain't never seen nothing like that.
And it didn't make sense, what I was looking at.
I suspect them lights'll be back tonight.
I'll do what I can to help y'all.
It's getting dark.
Let's lock down this house.
That's the damn Brown Mountain lights.
Grandmama told me about them.
Said, uh... twelve hundred Cherokee Indians just,
up and disappeared on Brown
Mountain, in one night.
Can you believe that?
Shit. All the stories is the same.
Folks see them lights. Folks go missin'.
Y'know in that video that
your slow kid showed me...
He's not slow, he's autistic.
Well, in the video... that your
autistic kid just showed me,
There's a cop car in the tunnel.
Yeah?
And that's a good thing.
If a cop's gonna go missing, about every other
cop in the state go looking for him.
Yeah.
Well, shit. Law's probably gonna be here
any minute, whether we call'em or not.
I hope so.
See, what we got here is a
perimeter around the house.
Them things come up from behind...
we're gonna hear it coming.
It might be better out there
than with this redneck nutbag!
Shut up! He's right outside.
He's insane and I don't trust him!
Listen, both of you. I don't know who this guy
is and I don't know what he's capable of.
What I do know, is that we have to stay
calm, OK, and we have to work together.
Those things followed us and he's helping.
- We can't just sit here!
- We can't risk leaving now, just calm down.
Sean's brother has a truck, he'll be
back and can get right to the police.
When do you expect your brother, soon?
He's been gone all day. He's heading into town.
Listen, I... I know you folks have
been through some shit today, but...
well, you ain't out of the woods, yet.
Hey, what's this radio equipment for?
That's my father's old HAM radio. Not
really working like it s'pose to.
We basically use it like a CB.
Scott's got a CB in the truck.
So why don't you try calling someone?
'Cause he wouldn't have it
on, unless he had a reason.
Isn't there some way we can use
that thing to call for help?
You're welcome to try it out if you'd like!
If you think I'm lying.
Shit... piss me off.
Son, are you gonna point that
camera at me all night long?
The camera helps him. He needs it.
Yeah, I get it.
I had me a retard cousin once, never let go of his
momma's leg, unless you gave him a wooden spoon.
I ain't no doctor, but...
I 'spect it soothed him.
- He's not retarded!
- I'm autistic.
Hey.
You notice how that camera gets to be
jumping when them things is around?
Yeah.
That happens again, you gimme a holler.
OK.
Now get your ass out my seat.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to figure out
how this damn radio works.
Sean says it doesn't work.
Yeah, well... Sean can't even
form complete sentences.
I doubt he knows how to operate this thing.
He's got guns.
Guns... and a banjo.
- Something's outside!
- The cans!
Mom.
Mom, what was that?
Oh, shit. It's Engel!
Engel! Engel, here!
Oh, yeah! Good boy. Who's a big man!
Huh?
Yeah, you gave me one for an alien.
You gave me...
- Are you OK, boy?
- Yeah, he looks alright!
Give him something to drink. Give
him some water, or something.
Want some water? Come here, bud.
Well, all we need now is Scott to get back and...
and got ourselves a three men army.
Shit.
Scott should've been back here, by now.
Have you ever seen these things before?
Everybody up here knows
something weird's going on.
I mean, you hear stories, though... I
ain't never seen nothing like that before.
What kind of stories do you hear?
Well, y'all been up yonder.
Seen that cross on the road?
The one with all them dolls and
candles and shit underneath it?
Yeah, we saw it. Yeah.
It was about a year ago...
me and Scott, coming home late at night.
We was out showin' a noose.
That's where we found old Wyatt's
car, right there in that spot.
Doors blown open, lights on, no one around.
Just like them cars you seen in the tunnel.
My God.
Yep.
That whole week, folks was in town sayin' how
they all seen the Brown Mountain lights.
That's wh-we saw lights last night.
I filmed the lights.
Yep.
When them lights show up...
bad shit gets to happenin'.
Why are they doing this?
I don't know, ma'am.
No one knows.
They had the government up here...
with scientists running around
with their fancy machines.
I don't know what these things is.
Y'all fish?
No.
You go out late at night...
when it's real dark...
go to the middle of the lake...
and you getcha a flood light.
You shine that shit at the water.
Than you just... put your feet up...
have a beer!
And you wait.
And you just...
watch how many of them dumbass
fish go swimmin' towards that light.
Shit, you can scoop'em up with a net.
Shit, they practically jump in the boat.
That's all these things is doin'.
They's just night fishing.
Some they keep. Some they throw back.
- Catch and release!
- So, dad could still be alive.
- Corey!
- Hey! Hey, son!
Where the hell you're goin'!
Get your hands off of me!
You goin' back to that tunnel... hmm?
You gonna find that thing, in the dark?
You'll leave your family here?
You're the man now.
He ain't coming back.
I wish he would.
All you can do is...
take care of your family.
But he didn't come back.
Sean!
- Sean, Sean!
- Yeah, Scott!
I'm right here, I can hear you.
Where the hell you at?
Just off the highway, there's these
lights off the road out here.
Don't go near them lights... I
said don't go near them lights!
Jesus! Something is coming up on me!
Scott, what's going on?
Scott, where you at?
The lights!
You can't do this.
This is crazy, Sean! You can't do this!
There's plenty of ammo in here.
Your boy knows how to use
that rifle, if you need it.
Five gallons of gas...
in a can in the root cellar,
which is under that grate.
Nothin' shows up by mornin' you'd best
take that can, you head back to your car.
It's gonna be enough for you
to get you as far as town.
Just stop and think!
- You can't leave us!
- Engel, here!
Sean, you're not even sober.
You're gonna get yourself killed!
It's my brother out there.
Now, if I get killed, I get killed.
Now y'all be safe. And take
care of your children.
Did you hear that, son?
You take care of this family.
- Come on.
- I can't believe it.
Mom.
Mom, I don't wanna be here any more.
- I wanna go home.
- Me, too, honey.
We're safe here, right now.
As soon as it gets light we're
gonna grab that gas can...
and we're gonna go right back to our car.
Yeah.
Corey...
You OK?
It happened... so fast.
It was right on top of us.
Mommy, I can still hear his screams in my head!
I can't get them out!
I didn't do anything!
- Wait a minute...
- Damn it!
I was so afraid that I just ran!
I didn't do anything!
It's not what happened. You
did the best that you could.
I should've try to fight it!
I could've-I could've tried to punch
it or find something to hit it with.
- I don't deserve to make it through this!
- Corey! Stop it! Stop it!
Please, honey, I need you to stay strong.
Help get us through this, please.
I am so proud of you.
Hey.
- Dad...
- I know.
Do you think you could try to get some sleep?
You're tired. We're all tired.
I'm gonna get us out of here. I promise you.
Now you get some sleep, honey.
Jillian! Jillian, wake up!
What is it, Riley?
- They're back.
- Mom. Oh, my God.
- Something's out there!
- Jillian, get away from there!
- Jillian, what is that?
- I don't know, something white!
Corey, back!
What is that?
- I think it's moving.
- What? No! No! No!
There's a... Look! Look!
Is it watching us?
We gotta get out of here! Alright, come ...
THERE THEY ARE!
Oh, my God!
Go! Go! Go!
What was that?
- They're all around us. The door!
- We can't get out!
Quick, Riley!
Riley? Riley.
Corey? Where are you...?
Corey, what are you doing?
- Corey! Corey!
- I love you guys. It's the only way!
- No! Wait!
- Corey, come down!
Please! Please, Corey!
Mom.
We have to get out of here.
I cannot...
I'm not gonna let anything happen to you two.
This is the only way out.
We have to lift this couch.
Shit!
I can't get any leverage.
Shhh! The camera!
I'm scared.
Oh, come on.
Y'all gon' follow me. Ain't
safe here no more. Come on!
They took him, Sean! They took my son!
Come on, little man. Come on.
Shit!
- Did you find your brother?
- Just his empty truck.
Here, take that in the back. Be careful with it.
Get in! We gotta go.
We're takin' the back roads. It's gonna get rough.
- Riley?
- Right here.
Hold on!
Scott's truck was still running.
Doors blown open.
I don't know where I could find him.
- He wouldn't have left his gun.
- Sean, where're we going?
Those things is all over the main roads.
I know these trails like the back of my hand.
I'll get us out of here, down the mountain.
Is that where the town is?
Town's 30 miles from here, and they might
be down there, too, for all I know.
Some lights floated, like, ten feet off
the ground, right near Scott's truck.
Shit! Might be a goddamn invasion.
Thank you for coming back for us.
Yeah, don't mention it.
Shit!
Alright, listen to me. Listen to me!
Y'all gotta get out the truck.
You head that way...
you'll find a footpath, at the edge of the woods.
Take the footpath, it's gonna
drop you off right by the barn.
Y'all get in that barn and y'all hide.
- I'll try and draw'em off on this side.
- Come with us!
Get out of the truck now! Go! Get outta here!
Come with us!
Mom, here's the walkway! Come on!
Mom, wait, hold up.
Did he say which way?
It knows where we are!
Let's keep moving.
OK. Come on, honey.
Shhh!
Stay low. Stick together.
- Stay with me.
- Riley! Hurry!
I'm trying.
Keep up.
Careful, Jillian.
Mom!
- Come here.
- The lights.
The lights are moving.
Get down! Get down!
I can't see what it is. Is it coming closer?
Yes.
What is that? What is that?
- Oh, my God!
- Riley, stay away from this!
What's happening?
Mom!
It's alright. It's-it's OK.
Jillian!
Alright?
- Mom!
- Oh, God! Make them stop!
Please!
Riley!
Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with Thee,
Blessed art Thou amongst women,
and blessed is the fruit of Thy womb, Jesus.
Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners,
Now and at the hour of our death.
Everything will be OK, honey.
I think they've gone.
Why would they go back?
It's gonna be OK. It's gonna be OK, honey.
Get back! Get back! Be careful!
Go! Ri, come here!
Hide! Be careful!
Shit! Shit!
Y'all in there?
Sean! Sean!
- Sean!
- Thank God!
We're trying to pray.
Shit! Sorry I'm this important.
Thank you! Thank you for coming back for us.
I think I got me one of them sons of bitches.
Listen, I ain't seen them lights in a while.
- Let's get our asses out in the truck.
- The camera!
- Come on! Little man, let's get in the truck.
- Come on, Ri.
- Let's go.
Run!
Riley... Riley, let's go!
Riley let's go! Come on!
Wait!
Come on! Over here!
Come here!
Shit!
Oh, my God! We gotta keep going.
We'd better go! Watch your step. Come on!
Let's go!
Riley!
Jillian!
Jillian, please!
Jillian, where'd you go?
Jillian!
Where are you?
Jillian, please!
Where are... my family...
gone... help us!
I'm scared!
- Jillian!
- Shit! Fuck!
Be quiet!
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
It's okay. He's gone.
Come on. Get down! Get down!
Turn the camera off.
- Turn it off!
- OK, OK!
Keep up, Riley, come on.
Gonna get cold.
Look!
There's a town down there.
Almost there.
Let's keep moving.
Come on. Keep up!
Are we lost?
We just keep moving down the hill
and we're gonna reach a road.
A road that... leads to the town that we saw.
- You alright?
- Yeah.
- We're almost there.
- We just have to keep moving.
- OK.
Look! Riley, the road!
We made it!
Ri, come on! Come on!
Thank God!
You kids alright?
We need help.
OK, Jillian. We're-we're safe, now.
We're OK. We're gonna be OK, Jillian.
We're gonna be OK.
128 communications. 128 communications.
Go on, 128.
I've got two lost juveniles,
requesting EMT backup.
We're 500 yards north of Brown Mountain tunnel.
10-4, 128. EMT backup enroute...
Call for...
For the past 20 years, I
have been enthusiastically
researching the mystery of
the Brown Mountain lights.
No one knows what they are!
There are all kinds of theories
of the origin of the lights
from swamp gas to various theories of...
radon gas glowing.
There are people that suggested marsh gases.
There's no marsh in the area where they were.
It was just so very clear,
and just so very apparent.
I mean, it wasn't like: "Can you see that?
Can you see that?"
I mean, everybody there could
see clearly what it was.
The people have,
and I don't know whether it's
imagination or not, said:
The lights seem to be elusive.
And what we realized is that when a
legitimate Brown Mountain light appeared
there was electromagnetic interference.
And this is not something that's
caused by flashlights, or dirt bikes,
or four wheelers, or-or lanterns, or... whatever.
Well, globs of glowing gas appear
randomly in different locations,
last for... seconds, to tens of seconds,
and then dissipate.
These have been reported for centuries.
By using equipment that can pickup
that level of interference,
we were able to start documenting
where the serious lights were coming from.
Now, the question becomes: Are these
lights producing the interference?
Well, we think that they probably are.
But, that also could be because something bigger
is happening in the environment, at that time.
There may be some type of an alien element there
because when people see UFOs they talk
about electromagnetic interference.
And what we saw was basically
a perfectly round orb,
sphere, whatever... and it was, just,
you know, a light, it was flat.
And it was white and it come up,
kinda, from down low, from down in the valley.
And it kinda came up and then
floated above the ridge.
And then there were two more, but I
can't remember where they came from.
But, they kinda, all three followed
the ridge and then went to the top.
And then they kinda danced around to...
Just kinda danced around.
The lights seem to move about
in a ghost-like manner..
Danced around. We watched them a long time.
When you start digging into Brown Mountain,
and you find that, OK, some of these
may just be a natural phenomena,
but that doesn't explain the people who
claim they've been abducted there.
And just when I got into the
doorway to my bed-bedroom,
I had the sensation of being, literally,
sucked up against the ceiling. I mean,
it wasn't a sensation, I was physically
sucked up against the ceiling.
and it was the most horrifying thing
I've ever felt in my entire life.
And it was... real.
It doesn't explain some of the creature
sightings that have taken place there.
It doesn't explain many of
the conspiracies related
to military activity and government involvment.
Someone would come in and they were
gonna find out what they were.
And, uh...
I guess, to justify their
salaries, they had to come up
with some kind of, uh, theory that would, at
least, partially, justify what they'd done.
The military activity,
the root of many of the elaborate
conspiracies of Brown Mountain,
usually have an alien element.
It's a probability that there is UFOs.
There's a possibility that I
wouldn't-wouldn't rule out
much of anything in this day and time.
We know that the US government
has publicly investigated
the Brown Mountain lights, at least
three times throughout history.
And I think science has an obligation,
in the spirit of Carl Sagan,
to explain and to investigate
claims of the paranormal.
So we know that the government, for a long time,
has been aware of the Brown Mountain lights.
And it manifests in the way that
we see it, in the shape of orbs.
But there's something there!
Brown Mountain is on National
Forest land and if you go to
some of the overlooks today
you will see that there are
markers that were put in place
by the federal government.
Brown Mountain lights, to me, may
represent one of the, uh, one of the last
really interesting frontiers of natural phenomena
that we don't understand.
The Brown Mountain lights are
an absolutely real phenomenon.
God only knows what the
Brown Mountain lights are.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org